Removing shared ops (#573)
XanaduAI/strawberryfields: .github/CHANGELOG.md

  method.
  [(#564)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/564)

> * The module `shared_ops.py` is eliminated, all its functionality is provided by The Walrus. [(#573)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/573)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The backend utility module `shared_ops.py` has been removed, with all of its
  functionality now provided by The Walrus.
  [(#573)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/573)
```
